GH-451: Run kafka-connect-datagen to Confluent Cloud (#496)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-connect-datagen-ccloud/kafka/markup/dev/check-connector.adoc

Check the status of the connector:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/kafka-connect-datagen-ccloud/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/check-connector.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Wait a minute for the connector to start. It will change state from `PROVISIONING` to `RUNNING` when it is ready.

Reviewer: FYC
```suggestion
After a minute or two, rerun this command to get the updated Status, it will change from `PROVISIONING` to `RUNNING` when the Connector is ready.
```
